Feature/shopify-tooltip-credits (#2474)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/shopify/integration-configuration-cho-api.en.md

>
> Important
>

> > After completing the installation of Mercado Pago Tarjetad, we recommend complementing it by installing the **Mercado Pago Antifraude Plus** app, installing the **Mercado Pago Antifraud Plus** app, which uses **3DS 2.0 (3-D Secure)** technology to **enhance the security of your store and increase payment approval rate**. For more information, access the documentation on [How to prevent fraud in card payments](/developers/en/docs/shopify/how-tos/antifraude-plus).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> After completing the installation of Mercado Pago Tarjetas, we recommend complementing it by installing the **Mercado Pago Antifraude Plus** app, which uses **3DS 2.0 (3-D Secure)** technology to **enhance the security of your store and increase payment approval rate**. For more information, access the documentation on [How to prevent fraud in card payments](/developers/en/docs/shopify/how-tos/antifraude-plus).
```

>
> Important
>

> > After completing the installation of Mercado Pago Tarjetas, we recommend complementing it by installing the **Mercado Pago Antifraude Plus** app, installing the **Mercado Pago Antifraud Plus** app, which uses **3DS 2.0 (3-D Secure)** technology to **enhance the security of your store and increase payment approval rate**. For more information, access the documentation on [How to prevent fraud in card payments](/developers/en/docs/shopify/how-tos/antifraude-plus).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> After completing the installation of Mercado Pago Tarjetas, we recommend complementing it by installing the **Mercado Pago Antifraude Plus** app, which uses **3DS 2.0 (3-D Secure)** technology to **enhance the security of your store and increase payment approval rate**. For more information, access the documentation on [How to prevent fraud in card payments](/developers/en/docs/shopify/how-tos/antifraude-plus).
```
